BM: Yargh! That be a lot of apples!
AJ: And they're all ours! We've got this town in our hooves now.
I'll have these moved by tomorrow morning, but you get back to training,
and don't forget, he goes down in the fourth,
so don't knock him out early this time!
BM: Yargh.
RD: Uh oh.
TS: Run everypony! It's dirty illegal immigrants!
(crowd in disarray)
AJ: Oi, this is my town. Get your own!
Cow: You may have won this time, Applejack,
but we bovines will return!
AJ: Try it and die!
Cow: Bovine Boys! Move out!
AJ: Ah, bugger me, that's a lot of cows.
Oh, bollocks! I just remembered Big Mac's not here!
Maybe some of the ponies in town can help me fight.
TS: And that's why we're giving this award to Snuggle Berry.
For being a cutesy wootsy cuddle pie!
RD: And for, like, showing up to my
birthday party when no one else did.
FS: Kanye West!
AJ: Wait a minute! Let me see that trophy.
...for being a cutsy wootsy...
Aw, damn I'm going to die.
TS: What's the problem, Applejack?
AJ: I need to collect all these apples if I'm
to use them as weaponry tomorrow.
TS: Why doesn't Big Mac help you?
AJ: He's got a big fight he's training for,
and no one, ever, interrupts his training!
TS: So you're gathering all these apples?
AJ: Course I am! Why wouldn't I be?
TS: Well I was just thinking maybe
you shouldn't collect all these apples.
AJ: Give me one good reason why I shouldn't punch you in the face.
TS: Well, shouldn't you have more effective weapons of war?
Also, why do you need weapons?
AJ: Oh, that reminds me!
The catapult!
RD: So, like, you just want me to stand here?
AJ: Yes that's right, you just stand there,
and I'll launch you at the cows.
RD: Like, yay! I haven't been this happy since
Snuggle Berry came to my birthday party...
that you didn't come to...
you would have seen her there...
there's was no one else there.
AJ: Ah, shut up. Here I come!
RD: Like, wait! I don't want to do this anymore!
NOOOOOOOO!
AJ: Try to deal as much damage as you can!
RD: Ow, that hurt.
Cow: Nice try, Applejack, but you will
not stop us with your measly catapult.
RD: Hey you're new! Be my friend or I'll hate you.
Cow: Get out of here!
RD: Party pooper.
AJ: OK, so that didn't work.
I know! Pinkie Pie!
Pinkie! You're the expert on cruel and unusual warfare!
What have you got for me?
PP: Aw bro, muffins!
AJ: Muffins.
PP: Muffins!
AJ: MUFFINS!?
Derpy Hooves: Muffins!
AJ: Ah, balls to you. I'll try Fluttershy.
FS: How about a stampede of cute little bunnies?
AJ: That's a terrible idea.
Let's see what they've got.
(distressed crowd noises)
AJ: I can't believe how useless these ponies all are.
Well, stick with what you know.
Apple warfare it is.
TS: Hi, Applejack! It's me, Twilight!
AJ: I swear to God; do we even have gods in Equestria?
I don't know, but I swear...
WHAT DO YOU WANT, TWILIGHT?
TS: I was just wondering if you're still collecting those apples.
AJ: There's no reason for me not
to be collecting these apples, Twilight.
TS: Look, just, please don't collect them!
AJ: Like I'm going to listen to you.
TS: Applejack you have to stop.
AJ: What do you mean? What are you talking about?
Get off me!
TS: Applejack there's something I've been
meaning to tell you, but I just don't know how.
AJ: Twilight...
TS: Applejack, I...
I accidentally poisoned all your apples! I'm sorry!
AJ: You did what!?
TS: It was for an experiment and it... I needed...
it... went... well... things went bad.
TS: Twilight, you daft ninny!
What am I going to do with all these poisoned ap...
Poisoned, you say?
TS: Um, yes?
AJ: And how good would you say this poison is then?
TS: I don't know, I haven't tested it yet.
AJ: I see...
Today, as good friends, I've decided to give you all a treat.
Cause we're all good friends here.
Try some of this apple poi... juice I got for you.
RD: Like, that was so good!
This is so much better than my birthday party.
S: Pinkie! Is everything alright?
PP: Oh no. I'm feeling something!
(unwanted regurgitation)
PP: The pain! It hurts, it hurts bad.
AJ: Oh, yes! We'll be having steak for dinner tonight!
RD: Snuggle Berry was, like, my best friend...
And now she died!
She got run over by bunnies. Freaking bunnies!
It's just not fair!
I know I have everyone but why does everyone hate me?